it's March 14th also known as pi day
towards mathematicians and look at this
someone's left a lovely cream pie next
to the door but the question is what's
your favorite type of pie right crunch
on Apple raisin or second kidney cherry
pie a covered apple pie of pineapple pie
apple pie and video by an owner on how
they can googly fish hi my favorite pie
is the mathematical number pi and
because it's national pie day I'm going
to give you three point one four facts
about pie fight number one
pie is about much more than just circles
it appears everywhere in physics and
math the mine finds equation of general
relativity through to Newton's equation
for gravity pie pops up everywhere fun
fact number two we now know by 10
trillion digits if you pick anything in
history so let's call it my birthday six
of December of nineteen eighty nine zero
six one two eighty nine if I look long
enough and hard enough through the
decimal places of Pi or 10 trillion
digits somewhere in there I will find my
birthday and this will happen for any
day you can pick some quite number three
high might actually be the only thing we
have other aliens will understand
language of mass is universal and if we
ever meet aliens here on earth to cook
better they'll probably understand math
and in particular PI rather than
anything else we have next come back
about hi
[Music]